src/gameobject/gameobject.md, before:

# GameObjects

Gameobjects (or `GameObjects`) are the most basic
objects in the scene. That is, every user-defined
object to be present in the scene must inherit
from the gameobject's class (or actually its
interface, more on that later) and be registered
via `SceneManager` singleton.

## Interface (`GameObjectI`)

GameObject Interface (`GameObjectI`) is the very
class that your object must inherit from. It contains the following members:
- `Transform` component,
- a vector of `Mesh` instances,
both of which are public.

The interface also contains the following methods:
- constructors,
- `render(Shader&)` (already defined),
- `update(float delta_time)` (virtual).

### Constructors

Available constructors are:
- `GameObjectI()` (creates empty gameobject),
- `GameObjectI(DefaultMesh, float width, float height)` (creates a gameobject with one of the default meshes and additional parameters if required),
- `GameObjectI(float radius, int seg_num)` (creates a circle gameobject).

All constructors register the gameobject by default.

## Basic instance (`GameObject`)

A simple `GameObject` class is also available for use if you don't need to add custom behaviour
to the object.

Commit message:

Componenting
- Create the Component interface and make Transform, Circle_Collider, Mesh inherit from it
- GameObject now contains just one member variable: a list of components
- Mesh is now a collection of MeshSingles, since there can only be one component of each type attached to a GameObject
- some minor tweaks and bug-fixes

src/gameobject/gameobject.md, after:

# GameObjects

Gameobjects (or `GameObjects`) are the most basic
objects in the scene. That is, every user-defined
object to be present in the scene must be of type `GameObject` and be registered via `SceneManager` singleton.

## Members

`GameObject` contains the following member variable:
- an unordered_map of components,

which is public.

The class also contains the following methods:
- constructors,
- `get_component<T>()` (returns a pointer to the component of type `T`, throws an error if one doesn't exist),
- `add_component<T>(ComponentI*)` (attaches the given component to the gameobject; note that if the gameobject previously already had a component of this type, it will be overwritten),
- `has_component<T>()` (returns true if has a component of the given type),
- `start()` (calls all components' `start` methods)
- `update(float delta_time)` (calls all components' `update` methods),
- `render(Shader&)`,

All of which are predefined and shouldn't generally be overloaded. If you want to add custom behaviour to your gameobject, check out `Component` documentation.

### Constructors

Available constructors are:
- `GameObject()` (creates an empty gameobject),
- `GameObject(DefaultMesh, float width, float height)` (creates a gameobject with one of the default meshes and additional parameters if required),
- `GameObject(float radius, int seg_num)` (creates a circle gameobject).

All constructors register the gameobject by default.
